1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
  we can call function where ever we want in the programme 
  it reduces the line of code
  increses reusablity
  

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
when its called

3. What statement creates a function?
def

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A function is a piece of code which enhanced the reusability and modularity of your program. It means that piece of code need not be written again. A function call means invoking or calling that function


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?


6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called
A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
The value that a function returns to the caller is generally known as the function’s return value
yes

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
In this case, the return value of the called function is undefined.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
 a global variable in a function, we can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global
 
 
10. What is the data type of None?
None is a data type of its own (NoneType

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
use try catch blocks or exception handling

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
The try block lets you test a block of code for errors. The except block lets you handle the error

